Updated the QRadar links (#25815)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/Integrations/QRadar_v2/QRadar_v2_description.md

Depending on the system load, **the initial fetch might take a long time**.

#### Query to fetch offenses

> You can apply additional (optional) filters for the fetch-incident query using the `Query to fetch offenses` integration parameter. For more information on how to use the filter syntax, see the [QRadar filter documentation](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/qradar-common?topic=versions-filter-syntax) and [QRadar offense documentation](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/qradar-common?topic=card-offenses).

Author: ```suggestion
You can apply additional (optional) filters for the fetch-incident query using the `Query to fetch offenses` integration parameter. For more information on how to use the filter syntax, see the [QRadar filter documentation](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SS42VS_7.3.3/com.ibm.qradar.doc/c_rest_api_filtering.html) and [QRadar offense documentation](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/en/SS42VS_7.3.2/com.ibm.qradar.doc/11.0--siem-offenses-GET.html).
```

* Offenses (Assign Offenses to Users) - Assign Offenses to Users
* Offenses (Read) - Offenses
* References (Create/Update) - admin

> * References (Read) - View Reference Data

Author: ```suggestion
* References (Read) - View Reference Data
```
